and our plan calls for a boat because
we're going to ascend kind of in a
horizontal pattern at first and then
we're gonna go vertical as we get
further out to sea to build a boat large
and glorious enough would take about a
week a week I wonder how long would take
second con to do it but for the gods
three days well if that's the best you
can do
well perhaps if you are not burdened
with so much tribute
you could leave sooner hmm I like it
here we go
yep yep three days is just fine no three
days is not fine
this is a real we go how are we gonna
keep this up for three days you worry
too much so I set the right amount
never worry too much we just have to lie
low
but Tulio this place is amazing I mean I
wonder whatever don't even move so Leo
moving just hey hey hey I get if it
stick if no I just will just stand there
for three days
yes exactly for three days
don't even breathe all right
we like yeah promise yeah all right
great good okay now if you'll excuse me
I sure gloat over my gold
I couldn't oh good thanks hey what
happen to Miguel he's gone
Miguel's gone he's lose what I gonna do
Oh Miguel is right whoa
no big trouble oh whoa look sweetheart
we're in the middle of a con here
walking the razor's edge on the one hand
go on the other hand painful agonizing
failure I can't afford any tempting
distractions so I'm sorry
sorry but perhaps another time another
place too bad I'm free now really sure I
trust you okay